Link fixes + SessionSigs Updates (#311)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/authentication/session-sigs/intro.md

Reviewer: There's inconsistency with capitalization. We should do `Lit network` and `Lit nodes`

Author: I changed this for this PR, I can make a PR later to change it everywhere in the docs if needed

> `SessionSigs` are only available on Ethereum and are heavily in development, so things may change. Be sure to use the latest version of the Lit JS SDK.

Reviewer: > `SessionSigs` are only available on Ethereum

I'm not exactly sure what this is trying to say, and I think it would confuse users since it sounds like you can only use Session Signatures if you're using Ethereum with Lit

Author: Removed this. Was included only because the current docs have it

:::

> Session signatures are how the Lit network authenticates your connection, verifies your identity, and confirms your capabilities. 

Reviewer 2: i think we could simplify this a bit. Perhaps someting along the lines of "Session signatures are used to authenticate with the Lit nodes and create a secure connection to the Lit network"

Reviewer: I've been capitalizing Lit jargon since it's a specific thing in our ecosystem. My preference is to always capitalize Session Signatures

> Generating session signatures is necessary whenever you want to request [Lit Abilities](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/enums/types_src.LitAbility.html) (e.g., signing transactions with a particular PKP, executing a specified Lit Action) for your Lit Resources (e.g. PKPs, Lit Actions).

Reviewer 2: > Generating session signatures is necessary whenever you want to request [Lit Abilities](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/enums/types_src.LitAbility.html) (e.g., signing transactions with a particular PKP, executing a specified Lit Action) for your Lit Resources (e.g. PKPs, Lit Actions).

Consider "Generating a session signature is required whenever you want to request a specific [Lit ability] (e.g. signing a transaction) for a particular Lit resource (e.g. a PKP)"

> Generating session signatures is necessary whenever you want to request [Lit Abilities](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/enums/types_src.LitAbility.html) (e.g., signing transactions with a particular PKP, executing a specified Lit Action) for your Lit Resources (e.g. PKPs, Lit Actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating session signatures is necessary whenever you want to request [Lit Abilities](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/enums/types_src.LitAbility.html) (e.g. signing transactions with a particular PKP, executing a specified Lit Action) for your Lit Resources (e.g. PKPs, Lit Actions).
```

> Session signatures are created with session keys, which are generated when you initiate a session through a request to a Lit network using the Lit SDK. Session keys are unique [`ed25519`](https://ed25519.cr.yp.to/) keypairs generated locally by the Lit SDK and are used to sign all requests to the Lit Network during the current session. 

Reviewer: Consider something like:

```suggestion
Session signatures are created using session keys, which are generated for you when you initiate a connection with the Lit network via the Lit SDK. These session keys are unique [`ed25519`](https://ed25519.cr.yp.to/) keypairs generated locally by the Lit SDK. They are used to sign all requests to the Lit Network during the current session.
```

Reviewer: Also are we sure it's `ed25519` keys and not `Secp256k1`?

Author: Got this from the current docs:
```sig is the signature produced by the ed25519 keypair signing the signedMessage payload```

> While session signatures facilitate ongoing communication during a session, an `AuthSig` (Authentication Signature) is used to verify your identity and authorization to the Lit Nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While session keys and their signatures facilitate ongoing communication during a session, an `AuthSig` (Authentication Signature) is used to verify your identity and authorization to the Lit Nodes.
```

An `AuthSig` is an [ERC-5573](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) Sign-In with Ethereum Capabilities message that specifies the Lit Resources and Lit Abilities of the session.

> The `AuthSig` allows Lit Nodes to verify your authorization for requested actions, such as decrypting data, signing transactions with a PKP, or transferring PKP ownership. This ensures that only authorized users can perform specific actions within the Lit Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AuthSig` allows Lit nodes to verify your authorization for requested actions, such as decrypting data, signing transactions with a PKP, or transferring PKP ownership. This ensures that only authorized users can perform specific actions within the Lit network.
```

> When you make a request, each Lit Node checks your `AuthSig` to confirm that your request aligns with the capabilities you previously defined. 

Reviewer: Consider:

An AuthSig is an [ERC-5573](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) Sign-In with Ethereum Capabilities message. It defines the specific Lit Resources and Lit Abilities authorized for your session.

The AuthSig enables the Lit nodes to verify your authorization to perform various actions within the Lit network. These actions may include decrypting data, signing transactions with a PKP, or executing Lit Actions.

When you submit a request to the Lit network, each node checks the AuthSig contained within your Session Signatures to ensure that your request aligns with the capabilities granted for your session. This validation process guarantees that only authorized users can perform specific actions using the Lit Resources defined by the AuthSig, maintaining the security and integrity of the Lit network.

Author: Blended them:

> An `AuthSig` is an [ERC-5573](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) Sign-In with Ethereum Capabilities message. It specifies the authorized Lit Resources and Lit Abilities of the session.
> 
> The `AuthSig` allows Lit nodes to verify your authorization to perform requested actions, such as decrypting data, signing transactions with a PKP, or transferring PKP ownership. When you make a request, each Lit node checks your `AuthSig` to confirm that your request aligns with the capabilities you previously defined. This ensures that only authorized users can perform specific actions within the Lit network. This authentication system maintains the security and integrity of the Lit network.
> 
> For detailed explanations of this setup, please refer to our [Security Considerations](../security.md) page.

Reviewer: > or transferring PKP ownership

This is done by transferring the underlying NFT which doesn't necessarily require a Session Sig. I want replace this with `or executing Lit Actions`

Author: Changed!

This authentication system enhances the security of the Lit network. For detailed explanations of this setup, please refer to our [Security Considerations](../security.md) page.

## SessionSigs Generation Diagram

> ![Session Signatures Diagram](../../../../static/img//SessionSigs.png)

Reviewer: Not sure what the fix is here, but wanted to call it out. When viewing on dark mode the arrows in the diagram are lost:

<img width="987" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d493068-015a-422d-9dff-eafaa1b39801">

Reviewer: Oh we should export the diagram with a white background instead of transparent

> ## Paying for Usage of the Lit Network

Reviewer: Is this section needed? The same info gets covered by the Delegation doc page in the Paying for Lit PR

Author: I wouldn't say necessary, but maybe helpful to the page? How about I just keep the first two sentences and add a link to the Delegation doc page once its up?

Reviewer: Ok, but I say something along the lines of:

You can facilitate payment for usage the Lit network within Session Signatures. You can read more about paying for usage [here], and paying using Session Signatures [here].

Author: Will push this linking to the capacity credits pages and update with the proper links once #319 has been merged

You can facilitate payment for the Lit network within session signatures.

The correct code implementation will depend on whether you're using the free-to-use `datil-dev` network, or one of the "paid" networks: `datil` or `datil-test`.

Usage of the `datil` and `datil-test` networks require the use of [Lit Capacity Credits](../../../sdk/capacity-credits.md). Currently, Capacity Credits are paid for using the `tstLPX` token and don't require any real-world money. However, in the future you will need to pay real-world money for usage of Lit networks, and `datil` and `datil-test` are the Lit networks where this functionality is being tested and refined.

> To implement payments correctly, include a [`capacityDelegationAuthSig`](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/capacity-credits#createcapacitydelegationauthsig) within the `capabilityAuthSigs` array when generating session signatures.

Reviewer 2: we can link to Wyatt's new payment docs here when they're ready

## Storing `SessionSigs`

> When running code to generate session signatures, you can store the session signatures and session keys using `LocalStorage` from the `node-localstorage` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running code to generate session signatures in a Node.js environment, you can store the session signatures and session keys using `LocalStorage` from the `node-localstorage` package.
```

```javascript
import { LocalStorage } from "node-localstorage";
```

When running code within a browser, this import is not needed, as the session signatures and keys will be stored within the browser's local storage. However, when running this code in an environment such as Node.js where browser local storage is not available, the `LocalStorage` module can be used to provide file-based storage. 

```javascript
litNodeClient = new LitNodeClient({
    litNetwork: LitNetwork.DatilDev,
    // This storageProvider object can be omitted if executing in a browser
    storageProvider: {
        provider: new LocalStorage("./lit_storage.db"),
    },
});

> ```

Reviewer: Consider:

When generating Session Signatures, you can store the signatures and session keys for reuse until the expire. How you store them depends on your runtime environment:

#### Running in a Browser

Session data is automatically stored in the browser's local storage, and no additional configuration is needed.

#### Running in a Node.js (or Similar) Environment

A `storageProvider` needs to specified when creating an instance of the `LitNodeClient`. You decide how this implemented, but the following is an example of using `LocalStorage` from the `node-localstorage` package:

```ts
import { LocalStorage } from "node-localstorage";
import { LitNodeClient } from "@lit-protocol/lit-node-client";
import { LitNetwork } from "@lit-protocol/constants";

const litNodeClient = new LitNodeClient({
    litNetwork: LitNetwork.DatilDev,
    // This storageProvider object can be omitted if executing in a browser
    storageProvider: {
        provider: new LocalStorage("./lit_storage.db"),
    },
});
```

When a `storageProvider` is added to the `LitNodeClient` instance, all functions for generating session signatures will try to create a session keypair for you and store it in the local storage. 

> The session keypair can also be generated with the `generateSessionKeyPair()` function. Doing this enables you to pass the generated session keypair as the optional `sessionKey` parameter when generating session signatures.

Reviewer: This seems a little out of place for the storage section?

Author: How about this below the local storage section?:

> #### Manually Generating Session Keys
> The session keypair can also be generated with the `generateSessionKeyPair()` function. Doing this enables you to pass the generated session keypair as the optional `sessionKey` parameter when generating Session Signatures.

> If an instance of `LocalStorage` is not provided as the `storageProvider`, a new session keypair will be generated each time the code runs, instead of reusing a single set of keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an instance of `LocalStorage` is not provided as the `storageProvider`, a new session keypair will be generated each time the code runs, instead of reusing previously generated signatures and keys.
```

### Resources you can Request

> You can pass an array of `resourceAbilityRequests` to any of the functions that generate session signatures. These will be presented to the user in the SIWE message - read more [here](resources-and-abilities) about Lit resources and abilities. The resources and abilities requested by the session key must be narrower or equal to the capabilities granted to it per the session capability object specified in the inner `AuthSig`. 

Reviewer: Consider:

When generating Session Signatures, you can pass an array of `resourceAbilityRequests` to the relevant functions. These requests define the scope of actions the session key can perform.

The requested resources and abilities must be either equal to or a subset of the capabilities specified in the session capability object within the `AuthSig`. A session key cannot have more privileges than those originally granted by the authentication signature.

Author: Blended them:

> You can pass an array of `resourceAbilityRequests` to any of the functions that generate Session Signatures. These requests define the scope of actions the session key can perform. 
> 
> The requested resources and abilities must be either equal to or a subset of the capabilities specified in the session capability object within the `AuthSig`. A session key cannot have more privileges than those originally granted by the authentication signature.

> When session capability objects are omitted from functions generating session signatures, the SDK will generate a session capability object with **wildcard permissions against all of the resources in that category by default**, i.e. ability to perform operations against all access control conditions. This should only be done when debugging, as allowing unspecified access control conditions is a security vulnerability. Read more [here](capability-objects) about how to create custom session capability objects.

Reviewer: Consider:

When session capability objects are omitted from functions generating session signatures, the SDK defaults to creating a session capability object with maximum permissions (i.e. can use any Lit Resource with any Lit Ability that the signer of the `AuthSig` owns). This should only be done when debugging, as allowing unspecified access control conditions is a security vulnerability.

Read more [here](https://deploy-preview-311--lit-dev-docs.netlify.app/sdk/authentication/session-sigs/capability-objects) about how to create custom session capability objects.

:::

Session keys are a unique string of data generated during a specific online session between two or more entities. In our case, the keypair is a ed25519 keypair. It serves as a protective layer for identity verification by incorporating unique session-specific details such as date, time, and other contextual factors to generate a signature. A signature, known as a `SessionSig`, is obtained from the user through the session keys.

The Lit SDK uses the session keypair to sign all requests to the Lit Nodes. Each node in the Lit Network receives a unique signature for each request and can verify that the user owns the wallet address that signed the capability. The user’s `AuthSig` is sent along with the `SessionSig` as an attached "capability" to introduce capability to the `SessionSig`.

> Attaching capability is done by specifying the session keypair's public key as the `address` field of the `AuthSig` and the `capabilities` field. The `capabilities` field is an array of one or more signatures which authorize the `AuthSig` address (also our session keypair public key) to utilize the resources specified in the capabilities of the SIWE messages. These signatures contain the `AuthSig` `address` in their URI field, which can be seen in the example below.

Reviewer: @awisniew207 how do you feel about rewriting the entire intro to:

In order to communicate with a Lit network, you must first authenticate yourself (i.e. prove who you are) with the network - this is done via Session Signatures.

Session Signatures are made using Session Keys which are generated on your behalf when you start a session by making a request to a Lit network using the Lit SDK. These Session Keys are a unique `ed25519` keypair generated by the Lit SDK locally, and are used to sign all requests to the Lit network for the current session.

When generating the Session Signatures, an Authentication Signature (Auth Sig) is used to prove who are to the Lit nodes, so that they can check if you're authorized to perform the action you're requesting to be done by the Lit network e.g. decrypting some data, signing a transaction with a PKP, transferring ownership of a PKP.

The Auth Sig is a [ERC-5573](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5573) Sign-In with Ethereum Capabilities message that specifies a set of Lit resources (e.g. PKPs, Lit Actions) and specific [Lit Abilities](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/enums/types_src.LitAbility.html) that the Session Keys are being granted usage of e.g. Signing transactions with a specific PKP that is owned by the address that produced the Auth Sig, execution of a specified Lit Action.

After making your request to the Lit network, each Lit node derives an identity from the Auth Sig and uses it to check if that identity owns/is authorized to use the Lit resource(s) and corresponding abilities your request is attempting to use.
